others may define successes as having achieved a goal or make money or
becoming famous or the like I more often think of my own personal success
in terms of here's a person who needed help here's a person who
was feeling down here's a person who needed me to be their friend
and I was able to do that for them and they were better for that because
of who I was those always been my greatest successes I will have
to admit to you that one of my proudest days since the day I graduated
from marine corps boot camp because that was difficult for me
it was challenging for all of us we all made it few exceptions we lost
a couple guys on the way but the rest of us made it and went on to
careers in the marine corps